As with the other test suites, I can then
go through and test a different page or
different specific sections of a page.
Now I can create a new test file
to do this, or I can describe a new
test further down inside my file.
And for example, here I can go through
and I'm going to create a new test
for my mobile blog post template.
Inside this test, one of the first
things I want to do as well as visit
one of my blog posts, which is the
HTML and CSS Tricks post that we tested
before, I also want to set the specific
viewport to be Samsung S10 device size.
Now there are various different options
here, you can specify width and height
but in this case, I want to set a
specific device that I'm testing against.
Now, after that, I want to go
through and I want to make sure
that the post title is visible.
So I want to make sure that
the h1 is visible on the page
in the mobile viewport size.
And then I want to make sure that
you can click on the site title
to navigate back to my home page.
Just want to make sure that
you can click on that there.
So if I open up my test suite
again, I can then go through and
we'll go through and it will run my
homepage tests from before again.
It will then go through and test.
And it says that it does have a
visible page title, so it's able
to see that here that's visible.
So it does have a visible
post title, but it's unable to
find my .site-title element.
So my HTML has changed and it's
unable to find this element.
So I can then go through and have a look
here inside of my header file, I can
have a look and I don't have a class of
"site-title" on this link here, so I can
add that there, site-title, save that.
I can then go through
and run my test again.
And this time it wll go through and run
all the tests and this time it should be
able to navigate back to the homepage.
So get .site-title, which it has,
and it's able to click on that
and it goes back to the homepage.
So the tests have all passed now.